hey what's going on guys I bought two
special edition boxes of storm of
ragnarok so i'm going to show you what
all i pulled sorry to some of you who
actually wanted to see the packs pulled
but I know that that's a very boring
process I mean no one wants to watch you
know 10 minutes so well yeah just let me
get to my post by the way i'm using my
iphone i just got that today as well so
let me know if you guys select equality
and the sound on it and all that so i
may start to do my videos on this so
we'll see how it goes i pulled two three
four five light and darkness dragons I
pulled 15 into the sexes so you can
clearly see what's short printed so
that's the premise I got oh also before
I set up I also picked up a few extra
cards I bought some single cards so I
guess basically this video is going to
show what all I got throughout the day
but um I've three sheehan I actually
pulled two out of the box and then I
bought one for anyone who must know I
got an ulti sheehan out of my first one
and then an ultra one out of the second
one I ended up getting four keys on at
the end of the day actually only pulled
one and then ended up buying three more
I apologize if this is confusing you a
little bit but now everything else was
actually pulled I got two drums I got a
nice edge a worm King in any she ulti a
Valkyrie I actually pulled for Lance's
two out of each special edition temple
of the six nordic relic relic Megan Lord
and the search card the house it's named
Glen yer I I can't even say it lighting
is very bad in here but uh let me know
what you guys think of my pose like I
said besides of Chu Sheehan and
he's on I pulled out of my special
editions and then i just purchased
everything I was just cool to have you
know the whole deck and all that in case
you know I may want to like put it up on
YouTube and sell it so I know you guys
would have an interest in that or I may
even play it myself I go to a big event
so that's it for now guys peace